[Music]
fourteen statistical world facts that'll
make you fall in love with numbers even
if you're not that big on statistical
data some facts can simply blow your
mind do you know how many hamburgers
McDonald's sells every single second the
answer will amaze you so before we dive
right in be sure to subscribe to our
channel and turn on notifications so
you'll always be the first to see our
new videos number one there are less
stars in the Milky Way than there are
trees on earth while it definitely
wasn't an easy task tons of volunteers
environmentalists and students join
together with scientists to try and
count the number of trees on the planet
as for the number of stars in the Milky
Way that job was left just to the
scientists themselves putting all the
information together they got really
shocking results there are almost three
trillion trees on our planet and only
400 billion stars in the Milky Way now
three trillion trees might sound like a
lot but you also have to consider that
15 billion get cut down every year so
that's why scientists reassure
environmental organizations to continue
their hard work trying to protect and
preserve the trees on our beautiful
planet number two Germany has the lowest
share of child population in the world
according to the distribution of
population by age only 12 percent is
under the age of 14 in Germany the
biggest portion of the German population
belongs to people between the ages of 25
and 54 they form the prime working age
group and take up 40% of the whole
population of the country but in Kenya
for example the situation is completely
different it's children under the age of
14 that make up 40
percent of the population but who knows
maybe the situation in Germany will
change significantly with time number 3
Mary and James are the most popular baby
names over the last century
from 1917 to 2016 Mary and James held
the record for the most favorite baby
names for many parents almost 5 billion
boys were named James and three and a
half million girls were called Mary the
runners-up are John and Patricia and the
bronze medal goes to Robert and Jennifer
a lot of seemingly popular names didn't
make it to the top of the list though
for example the name Justin took only
38th place what are your favorite baby
Nate's tell us in the comments below
[Music]
number four China can also be called the
Golden Republic the People's Republic of
China is a truly golden Republic since
it's the world's largest gold producer a
study concluded that for the last ten
years China has been producing
approximately 440 tons of gold each year
not to mention China's gold mining
industry has received multiple foreign
and domestic investments leading to
further improvement hmm maybe if I
booked my ticket now by tomorrow I'll
strike gold number five there are more
than 200,000 Carlsen's in Sweden wait
who's a Carlson Oh apparently it's a lot
of people in Sweden it's the third most
common last name in the country the
first two places are occupied by the
surnames Anderson and Johansson but it
was a really close race there are over
200,000 Carlson's and almost 240,000
Anderson's in the country looks like my
chances will be good if I go to Sweden
walk up to every guy I see and say mr.
Anderson
number six over the last millennium the
Earth's population has become over 22
times larger according to the statistics
on July 1st of the year 1000 there were
only 275 million people on the planet
but the situation significantly changed
in the year 2000 when the whole
population of the earth reached over 6
billion people there are currently 7
billion people on the planet and this
number increases every second it's hard
to imagine how many there will be in the
year 3000 still seeing how fast this
numbers growing is strangely fascinating
number seven in a lifetime you walk a
distance that could wrap the earth four
and a half times wondering how they got
this statistic well the average person
takes 7,500 steps a day the average life
expectancy in turn is 80 years based on
this information researchers calculated
that we walk nearly 110,000 miles over
our lifetime
and if you were to go around the entire
earth at the equator four and a half
times you'd walk almost the same
distance freaky number eight people in
the US watch over four hours of TV a day
Americans clearly love television more
than any other nation in the world
it turns out they spend one-fifth of
their day or 270 minutes watching their
favorite programs
the runner-up here is Poland where
people enjoy TV almost just as much they
spend 264 minutes every day in front of
their TV set so where do you stand do
you watch a lot of TV what shows can't
you live without sound off in the
comments
number nine Saturday is the least common
birthday researchers have recently
conducted an interesting survey to find
out which day of the week is the most
common birthday Thursday shattered the
competition with almost 18 percent of
children born on this day of the week
Tuesday took second place with about
fourteen percent of newborns and the
last place in the top three was taken by
Wednesday with approximately the same
results Saturday is the least common
birthday with 12 percent of births
pretty crazy right
number 10 90 percent of the emails
people receive as spam according to a
report from Cisco about 90% of all
emails sent worldwide is spam and guess
who's putting most of it out there
believe it or not the United States is
the biggest source of spam sending
almost 18% of the world's junk mail
Turkey and Russia came second and third
respectively sending the world nine
percent and eight percent of its spam a
lot of these spam emails contain links
to dangerous websites which can infect
your computer with a virus so be careful
out there and think twice before
visiting an unknown site number 11
Denmark has the most working mothers in
the world
the OECD conducted a worldwide study on
women aged 15 to 64 with at least one
child and Denmark has the most mothers
in its workforce 82 percent of them work
after having a baby
Swedish moms are close behind Danish
women with nearly the same results women
from Slovenia the Netherlands and
Austria also made it in the top five
Greek moms however came last with a
little over fifty percent of them
working after having children
number 12 McDonald's sells 75 hamburgers
every second McDonald's has many fans
all over the world so it comes as no
surprise that the company sells 75
hamburgers every single second they even
have a website where you can see how
much of each menu item they've sold
worldwide in real time you can find a
link to this site in the description box
below definitely worth checking out ww
every second do slash McDonald's number
thirteen seventeen hundred people become
millionaires in the US every day now
those are some statistics I'd like to
see the number of millionaires in the
United States literally increases every
single day according to Bloomberg and
based on projections by the Boston
Consulting Group by the year 2020 3.1
million new members will join the
Millionaire's Club it's already grown by
2.4 million from 2010 to 2015 and this
growth just isn't stopping so is my turn
coming soon it's okay I can wait what
about now
No okay
[Music]
number fourteen Bangladesh has a bigger
population than Russia believe it or not
Bangladesh a country about the size of
Iowa has a lot more people than the
biggest country in the world Russia has
a population of about 144 million while
that of Bangladesh is nearly 165 million
that's especially shocking when you
think about the size of these vastly
different countries Bangladesh has a
total area only fifty six thousand nine
hundred eighty miles squared which is
116 times less than Russia's Bangladesh
is able to sustain such a huge
population because of the fact that it's
located in an incredibly fertile region
plus there's a massive river system in
the country which is extremely useful as
well go Bangladesh which of these facts
surprised you the most tell us in the
comments section below don't forget to
share this video with your friends and
family to talk about your favourite
facts together remember to always stay
on the bright side
[Music]